# final-project
final project for intro to python 

This project was a snake game inspired by a game that we cited in our code. We changed the base code from the website to make it orignial and made five additional changes to make five different levels which varied in snake speed, snake size, amount of food particles, and snake color. We used Pygames for the first time as well as utilized random multiple times to change the color of the snake for the frenzy level and the speed of the snake. The game continues as the blue snake collects additional green food pieces and the snake increases in size. The game ends when the snake turns into itself or hits a wall and then in that case the user has the option to hit "p" and play a different level or to hit "q" and quit the game. We had a really interesting time working on this project as neither of us had utilized Pygames before and had an enjoyable time working on it. Additionally learning how to use the Halocode Makeblock was interesting and coding in Mblock to try and make the piece operational, although we were not able to get it to work we had code that we think would work if we could import the Halocode and event into IDLE.

Difficulties that we faced were understanding the base code and isntalling Pygames for the first time, however, we were able to overcome these difficulties with time to make a finished product that we are proud of. Additionally, our first idea with the force sensor was not as realistic as our idea with the Halocode Makerblock so we are glad we were able to make a substitution without sacrificing functionality. Through this project we learned how to use GitHub, Pygames, and how to independently troubleshoot and it was enjoyable to make this project in general. My favorite parts were making our own project as well as making the frenzy level with different colors. Overall, I found it very enjoyable to make a project without instructions or strict confines and had a great time learning new things.

VIDEO SUBMISSION LINK HERE:
